Update snapshot threadpool size doc (#93655)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/threadpool.asciidoc

`snapshot`::
    For snapshot/restore operations. Thread pool type is `scaling` with a

>     keep-alive of `5m`. The maximum size of this pool is `10` if the max
>     heap size is at least `750 MB`, otherwise the maximum size is
>     `min(5, (`<<node.processors,`# of allocated processors`>>`) / 2)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    keep-alive of `5m`. On nodes with at least 750MB of heap the maximum size
    of this pool is `10` by default. On nodes with less than 750MB of heap the
    maximum size of this pool is `min(5, (`<<node.processors,
    `# of allocated processors`>>`) / 2)` by default.
```
